# BoschLine
Bosch Production Line Data Analysis
#Introduction
The current trend of automation and data exchange in manufacturing technologies is bigger than ever. From smart vehicles and robots to enormous production plants with highly-automated assembly lines, with sophisticated information platform collecting, filtering and continually displaying production data and linking the real world with the virtual world, the fourth industry revolution, originated from German and quickly spread to Europe and the entire world, is influencing the industry by boosting the productivity, driving additional revenue growth and stimulating sharp increase in high-level employment. Big data analytics definitely serve as one of the most essential driving forces in the upcoming era. As individual plant is producing precise data in the order of magnitude of PBs or even EBs, how to deal with such invaluable data calls for more advanced and proper application of big data analytics.
To provide useful insight to the factory management and gain correct content, data has to be processed with advanced tools (analytics and algorithms) to be capable of detecting and addressing invisible issues such as machine degradation, component wear, etc. in the factory floor. Such meaningful information is critical for manufacturing companies to monitor systems and reduce the number of manufacturing failures.
In this project, a data-drive method will be proposed to predict manufacturing failures by using measurements and tests for product components along assembly lines. A dataset from Bosch containing a large number of anonymous failure will be used.
#Dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/c/bosch-production-line-performance/data
